Do you think it's great that you have money?
Today?
I will tell you what it means to have money.
Do whatever you want
The young master's car has arrived
Then I'll go and spoil your good thing now
you
Qi'er Zhang Chenyi
Your car is too slow
I'll go first then. OK.
Damn Su Yizawa
I'm not done with you
I don't share the sky with you
Sorry, we've tried our best.
Brother Nie
I already told you, he's got psychophilia.
Normal treatments are not going to work.
If you don't let me do it again
He won't last a few minutes
Did you see the blood glands on his hands?
This is the broken meridian.
Still don't bother to shoot
I have called a famous doctor
Even if Zhang Jishi and Zhang Hill came, it was useless
Please pay attention to your words
Immortal Doctor
As for what you said about hard work
No, I haven't.
Come to think of it, there is no such thing in this world
Su Shao, please come back